.TH TYPIST 1 "April 21, 1997"
.ds ]W Kobe Univ.
.SH NAME
typist \- typing tutor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B typist
[ \-q ] [ \-V ] [
.RI \-L dir
] [
.RI \-k t
] [
.I lesson
]
.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B Typist
provides typing drills and maintains statistics for learning to type.
The initial menu provides following lessons:
.nf
.na
	Quick QWERTY course (q1 - q5)
	Long QWERTY course  (r1 - r14)
	QWERTY touch typing (t1 - t16)
	Yet Another QWERTY  (v1 - v20)
	QWERTY Review       (u1 - u13)
	Typing drills       (m1 - m11)
	Speed drills        (s1 - s4)
	Calculator keypad   (n1 - n3)
.ad
.fi
Specifying a lesson on command line, you can start the lesson
immediately.
If Japanese version is installed, Kana typing lessons are also available.
.PP
Your history of exercises can be saved when typist exits.
.sp
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.B \-q
Prevents click sound.
.TP
.B \-V
Print version information.
.TP
.BI \-L dir
Specify
.I dir
as the directory which has lesson files.
.TP
.BI \-k t
Specify the type of the keyboard.
Argument
.I t
should be
.I j
or
.I
e,
to specify Japanese or English type keyboard.
.sp
.SH FILES
.ta \w'/usr/local/lib/typist/typist.idx\ \ 'u
/usr/local/lib/typist/typist.idx	lesson index
.br
/usr/local/lib/typist/*.typ	lesson files
.br
/usr/local/lib/typist/*.map	keymap data
.br
~/.typistrc	lesson history file
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Original author is D. Jason Penney (penneyj@slc.com).
.PP
Original man page by George Ferguson (ferguson@cs.rochester.edu).
.PP
Typist Japanese version by Takeshi Ogihara (ogihara@rd.ecip.osaka-u.ac.jp).
